## Copper Falls Market - The local Turing market!
[Production ver. 0.1](http://copper-falls-market.herokuapp.com)

### About

Copper Falls Market is a Turing School of Software and Design project written by Ilana Corson, Robbie Jaeger, Parker Phillips and Colin Osborn. It leverages the Ruby on Rails framework, PostgreSQL, HTML, HAML, and ERB to provide a efficient and elegant multi-tenancy, E-Commerce platform.

More about the official spec can be found [here](https://github.com/turingschool/lesson_plans/blob/master/ruby_03-professional_rails_applications/the_pivot.md) and our official task repository can be found on Waffle.io [here]("https://waffle.io/icorson3/the_pivot").

Unlike prior projects at Turing, this project presents a real-world example of working with a client, in this case represented by an instructor, in an Agile fashion to deliver results at a consistent and timely pace. With that in mind, all code is written to utilize best-use Object Oriented Design principles, TDD, and other Agile toolsets.

### Deployment

This app is automatically deployed using Heroku's built in Git Integration.

### Setup Instructions

1. Clone the repository. Enter the following in your terminal: git clone https://github.com/icorson3/the_pivot
2. Get into the repository. Enter the following in your termnal: cd the_pivot
3. Bundle the gems. Enter the following in your terminal: bundle
4. Setup the database. Enter the following in your terminal: rake db:create db:migrate
5. Run the tests. Enter the following in your terminal: rspec
